hi everyone its Lola little black bag
and i'm here to show you guys today's
new arrivals i want to start off by
announcing the return of French
Connection items to a little black bag
we're really excited to carry more of
their products and I am especially
excited for this clutch in particular it
is the slinky clutch and the color is
Boston blue I really like this kind of
blew another piece like french
connection that I like a lot is this
chunky snowed and I think the worst good
is a combination of scarf and hood yeah
I don't know that up but whatever i love
this nut you can wear it both ways you
can wear it as a scarf as so and you can
also put it on like a little hood wait
maybe i should start a new trend to
start walking around like that it's an
alternative to wearing beanies or hats
in the wintertime I just think it's a
cuter this way and I would definitely
wear this when it's really cold outside
this is another piece by french
connection it's a really pretty gold
necklace that I can see myself wearing
at some holiday parties this season and
speaking of holiday parties we have a
couple of clutches here that would be
great for those holiday parties that
you're going to be attending this one is
by nila Anthony this was my cred this
one has a gorgeous black lace that
everybody loves and this one has these
really pretty sequins that are going to
make your outfit totally party ready
we also have this handbag by street
level and as you can see it's just all
black with gold hardware with the inside
looks like I like this bag because it
doesn't have too many bells and whistles
I think it's simplicity is makes it so
beautiful
so that's it for today's new arrivals I
want to thank you for watching and also
don't forget to subscribe if you want to
see more videos like this in the future
until the next video I'll talk to you
later bye
you